Improve Examples (minor changes) (#564)
ansys/pydpf-composites: examples/README.rst

Examples
========
These examples demonstrate the behavior and usage of PyDPF - Composites.
Some additional modules are required to run the examples which can be
installed with the following command:

.. code::

    pip install ansys-dpf-composites[examples]

It is recommended to run the examples in a Jupyter notebook or an IPython console.

> Using a standard Python shell can lead to formatting issues (e.g. IndentationError).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy / pasting to a standard Python interactive shell can lead to formatting issues (e.g. IndentationError).
```
I think it makes sense to be specific about what can go wrong.

Also, this problem is fixed in Python 3.13 - do we want to mention that somehow? Or just add a comment to ourselves to remove this section once only 3.13+ is supported?
